HELLSCRIPT locked rune region preview — macOS development build, 2026-09-17

Player: Unity 6000.6.0f1 development build of a clone of the repository.
Run:    HELLSCRIPT -hellscriptRuneSmoke -hellscriptSavePath <fresh> -hellscriptScreenshots <dir>
        -screen-fullscreen 0 -screen-width 720 -screen-height 1280

What the new part of the smoke did, through the real board callbacks on a fresh isolated account:

1. Portrait 720x1280, Korean. Zoomed the board out and pressed hex (5,-8), a non-centre hex of the
   locked region 1. The selection note read all six lines, including
   "상아 영역은 계정 최고 실클리어 5단계에서 열립니다." and
   "중앙 시작칸 미리보기 · 공격력 +0.4 · 요구 상아".
   Screenshot: 06-locked-region-preview-ko.png
2. Pressed the region's own centre (5,-9). The note still named the unlock tier but did NOT repeat
   the centre preview line, because the centre is already the line above it.
3. Landscape 1280x720, English. Pressed (5,-8) again and read
   "Centre start hex preview · Attack power +0.4 · Requires Ivory".
   Screenshot: 07-locked-region-preview-en-landscape.png
4. Asserted after all of the above that the unlocked grade was still 0, the draft still held exactly
   one placement, and JsonUtility.ToJson of the whole account rune state was byte-identical to the
   value captured before the first press. Reading a locked region changes nothing.

Smoke exit status: FAIL, for a reason that predates this change.

  smoke-result.txt lists one "Clipped" entry per captured screen. Every one of them is the same
  label: HELLSCRIPT/Global observation HUD/HUD safe area/Shield — an empty shield value whose rect
  is 9.6 high while one line of its font needs 12 (13.44 vs 16 at 140% interface scale).

  This was verified to be pre-existing: the same smoke was built and run from a clone with all five
  files of this change reverted to HEAD, and it reported the identical failure on all nine of its
  screens. This change adds two screens, which report the same global HUD label and nothing else.
  The shield label belongs to the global HUD work and was left alone.

Native macOS fixture only. This was not seen on real mobile hardware, and the browser mock-up's own
QA results in HELLSCRIPT-RuneBoard-Elite-Preview-v13.zip were not used as evidence for this build.
